chore: added new doc for how to create manual backup of db (#3617)
bcgov/cas-registration: docs/devops/manual_db_backup.md

# Manual Backups of the Database

To take a manual backup of the database in Openshift:

1. Log in to Openshift
2. Open up the Terminal for the leader postgres prod
3. Run the following command:

`pgbackrest --type=full --stanza=db backup`

> Refer to: https://access.crunchydata.com/documentation/postgres-operator/latest/tutorials/backups-disaster-recovery/backup-management#taking-a-one-off-backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the Crunchy PostgresOperator can do this for us: https://access.crunchydata.com/documentation/postgres-operator/latest/tutorials/backups-disaster-recovery/backup-management#taking-a-one-off-backup
```
